README.md, before:

# vscodetodo README

 Another to do list extension for VSCode

## Features

A short to do list that allows users to track what they have done for a given piece of work. You know what a to do list is. Come on.

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

![a to do list](https://i.imgur.com/9bDCkFt.png\ "Pretty basic stuff")

Now with categories!
![categories](https://i.imgur.com/25fsRUi.png\ "Now with categories!")

To Do items grouped together by category
![grouped by categories](https://i.imgur.com/SNJZtm6.png\ "Grouped by their categories")

After 30 days of being completed, To Do items are removed to reduce clutter over long periods of time.

<!-- > Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow. -->

## Requirements

1) VS Code 1.53.0
1) A GitHub login
1) Things to do

<!-- ## Extension Settings
 -->


<!-- For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: enable/disable this extension
* `myExtension.thing`: set to `blah` to do something -->

## Known Issues

Currently the issues are:

1) Input field not saving when moving away from tab.
1) Design of list needs work

## Release Notes

### 0.0.1

Initial release of my first extension.

### 0.0.2

Increased `font-size` and `padding-top` to improve readability

### 0.0.3

To Do items are removed 30 days after being completed.

### 0.0.4

Added categories for better organisation

pls be nice ☺

Commit message:

Empty categories now hide to reduce clutter

README.md, after:

# vscodetodo README

 Another to do list extension for VSCode

## Features

A short to do list that allows users to track what they have done for a given piece of work. You know what a to do list is. Come on.

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

![a to do list](https://i.imgur.com/9bDCkFt.png\ "Pretty basic stuff")

Now with categories!
![categories](https://i.imgur.com/25fsRUi.png\ "Now with categories!")

To Do items grouped together by category
![grouped by categories](https://i.imgur.com/SNJZtm6.png\ "Grouped by their categories")

After 30 days of being completed, To Do items are removed to reduce clutter over long periods of time.

<!-- > Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow. -->

## Requirements

1) VS Code 1.53.0
1) A GitHub login
1) Things to do

<!-- ## Extension Settings
 -->


<!-- For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: enable/disable this extension
* `myExtension.thing`: set to `blah` to do something -->

## Known Issues

Currently the issues are:

1) Input field not saving when moving away from tab.
1) Design of list needs work

## Release Notes

### 0.0.1

Initial release of my first extension.

### 0.0.2

Increased `font-size` and `padding-top` to improve readability

### 0.0.3

To Do items are removed 30 days after being completed.

### 0.0.4

Added categories for better organisation

### 0.0.5

`<ul>` brought back

### 0.0.6

If a category has no current To Dos then it is hidden to reduce clutter.

pls be nice ☺
